We've been using Netcat to make these
requests, but it's pretty long winded,
pretty difficult way of making
requests to HTTP servers.
There's a command that's available on,
I think should probably already
be installed on your system.
If it's not,
I highly recommend that you install it.
It's called curl.
In curl is a really easy way
of sending HTTP requests.
So the default way that
curl works is it will
print out the contents of
an HTTP request to standard out.
So here you can try that
with any URL that you want.
If my website's running, then yep,
I get back a bunch HTML.
I don't get back the headers,
I just get back the content.
But if you want the headers as well,
you can do capital I and
it will only print out the headers and
the response.
So this is really useful if you need to
debug an HTTP server that you're working
on and you only care about the headers and
you don't wanna have to write out long
form with Netcat the actual request or
like parse it with some regex,
or something.
Some other things I think I will print out
the headers in addition to the content and
all kinds of other fun
things that you can try.
The small s is to get rid of
a really annoying progress bar
that's printed to standard error
that I pretty much never want,
unless I'm downloading a big file
which I'd probably use wget for
that anyways, cuz it can use HTTP range
headers to continue the download, but.
If you wanna always use little s,
you could setup an alias for
it in your bashrc.
Probably not the worst idea.
If you wanna o specify the HTTP verb
with the curl command you can use -X.
So here, we can send a POST request.
The default is to send a GET request, but
we can send a POST request like this.
So you do -X POST, the URL.
And then for each of those URL encoded
form parameters, you can use -d and
then you specify the name of the form
element and equals sign and the value.
So if I use that example from before,
our example server we were just using,
let's see.
So here, our server's running again.
And now, I can use curl to send that
request and it works just the same.
So I get back an ok response from the
server and curl is smart enough to know
how to print out documents that have been
encoding with transfer encoding chunked.
So all that I see is the ok and
we can see that the server was able to
parse our form upload successfully.